Update k-action-menu event documentation (#1196)
kytos/kytos: docs/developer/events.rst

> Kytos have some events available, and to call them you should use the sintaxe
> `this.$kytos.$emit()` passing as parameters the specific events names and its
> objects of acceptance as documented bellow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kytos has some events available, and to call them you should use the syntax
`this.$kytos.$emit()` passing as parameters the specific events names and its
objects of acceptance as documented below:
```
